Rules
======

As well as [means to define generic builds](basics.md), reggae also provides a list
of high-level convenience rules for common build tasks for C, C++ and D projects.


objectFiles
----------

This should be a user's go-to rule. It takes a list of source files, mostly specified by
their directories, and returns an array of `Target` structs corresponding to the object
files resulting from the compilation of those source files. The compiler to invoke for
each is used automatically as a result of the file extension.


staticLibrary
-------------

The same as objectFiles but outputs a static library archive instead.


link
----

Generates an executable or shared object / dynamic library.


scriptlike
----------

Currently only supported for D executables. Takes the name of a source file where the `main`
function is defined, automatically determines dependencies and returns a target with all
compilation and linking steps defined. Does essentially the same as `rdmd`.

unityBuild
----------

Only valid for pure C or pure C++ top-level source files. This rule produces an
executable binary using a technique for speeding up builds called unity build.
The binary is compiled as one translation unit by compiling a C/C++ file that
`#include`s the other source files.


dubDefaultTarget
----------------

The target usually generated by `dub` with `dub build`. It it is used with no compiler
flags, an empty parameter list must be added, e.g.:

    mixin build!(dubDefaultTarget!());


dubConfigurationTarget
----------------------

A configuration target of dub's, for instance 'unittest'.
